hey what's going on guys
today i'll show you a supernatural
horror film the lazarus effect
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
zoe is a medical researcher employed by
a local university in california
funded by a biotechnology company she
conducts research on the dead animals
hoping to find a new serum to assist the
coma patients
backed by the team consisting of her
fiance frank the assistant boy
the it guy and the intern girl eva so he
keeps testing the new serum
on the dead animal's brain under
electric shock
she devotes herself to such projects so
much that she even delays her marriage
with frank several times
zoe is haunted by a horrible nightmare
originating from her childhood
where she witnessed the neighbors were
trapped in a big fire
and burned alive to death the team keeps
their test numerous times but
fails until sunday the assistant boy
comes up with a new proposal
to activate the serum code named lazarus
which is then tested on a recently
deceased dog with cataracts
they feel disappointed again at the
beginning though but the dead dog gives
no reaction to the electric shock
they get astonished later to find the
dog is brought back to life
and its cataracts disappear
with worries of any potential side
effects they decide to cover their first
successful trial
and just celebrate the breakthrough
within the team
the dog however is behaving differently
than it's supposed to do
it loses its appetite and demonstrates
strange abilities
the following check shows that the serum
instead of dissipating
is constructing strange new synapses
within the dog's brain
the dog is then confined in a cage and
put on close watch by the boy during his
night shift
who's however busy with a game before
his computer but later gets extremely
horrified
as he finds that the dog has escaped out
turns the kitchen into a total mess
and even plays the hide-and-seek game in
the lab
a horrified boy asks to terminate the
god damn devil
while frank learns further that the dog
shows its increasing aggression towards
people
due to the serum effect on its neuron
to be worse their underground
experiments are soon learned by the dean
of their university
who claims that to be against the
humanity so the university decides to
shut down the project
with the project funds terminated and
some of their research findings and lab
equipment taken away
zoe is frustrated deeply unwilling to
see the team's four years efforts turned
in vain
frank then proposes to make one last
trial with the only one pack of serum
left
before the lab is completely cleared up
by the university
during the middle of the night zoe and
her team sneak back into the lab
with a lab locked and its surveillance
system hacked down to cover their
actions
everything's ready and they begin to
inject the serum inside the dog
before zoe switches on the electric
shock which however
electrocutes zoe fatally the desperate
frank tries all he could do
to give her the first aid but so he's
just lying there
dead with no breath it's revealed that
the accident results from zoe's
engagement ring on her hand
touched by his marriage promise and
unwilling to let his lover go
frank convinces the team and turns to
the serum as his last resort
attempting to resurrect zoe from the
death
with the electric shock switched on
however no life miracle of zoe is shown
before them
but right at that time they soon
discover the security on patrol
coming towards the lab frank has to
quickly cover zoe's body up
and hides up in the corner with the rest
of the team
the security just leaves after checking
nothing unusual in the lab
frank however is terrified when he turns
around and sees zoe sit upright
under cover of a white cloth the team
later finds that the serum causes zoe's
brain to evolve incredibly rapidly
while frank feels glad to see his lover
coming back to life
but he soon realizes something is wrong
with zoe who seems to be able to read
his mind
what's more she seems to develop some
kind of superhuman powers
such as telekinesis and telepathy
the serum also causes her increased
aggression and insanity towards her
reflection in the mirror
and towards the dog staring at her with
hostility but mind killed by her
suddenly
zoe gets frightened up by herself and
claims that when she died
she went to her version of hell the
haunted nightmare from her childhood
frank tries to calm her down from her
panic and gives her a shot of
tranquilizer
explaining that she's just affected by
her childhood trauma
probably due to the lack of oxygen
during her death
while taking care of a sleeping zoe on
the sofa eva however
finds herself unconsciously brought into
zoe's nightmare
where she sees people struggling through
the big fire and stretching their hands
inwards the door
but on the other side a sly little girl
just standing still before the fire
terrified by charcoal hands trying to
fetch her eva wakes up from the
nightmare
and cries to the team about her
sufferings
frank then explains zoe's years-long
haunted nightmare to the team
but he seems to become suspicious over
the burning star on zoe's hand
later the it guy happens to learn that
the surveillance system has been
intruded on
by the biotechnology company for a long
time so they decide to pack everything
up
and leave the lab before they get caught
however at that moment zoe is still
struggling with the burning flames in
her nightmare
she's then suspended up slowly in the
air with her eyes suddenly changing into
horrible dark
zoe approaches the i.t guy first who's
surprised by her sudden show up from
behind
not knowing what happened the eit guy
refuses her kiss
but gets thrown into a locker and
crushed to death by her telekinesis
after that zoe stays calm before the
team and pretends not knowing where the
it guy is gone
while the boy want to call the police
for help but only finds the telephone
and power lines for the entire lab
have already been cut off the boy then
challenges zoe
and demands to know where the it guy is
zoe however
kills him as well by lodging an
e-cigarette into his throat
choking him to death realizing the real
danger this time
frank and eva try to run away for life
but get attacked
and stuck in the objects controlled by
zoe who seems to play games to them with
her super powers
before eventually killing them with
nowhere to hide in the lab
the desperate frank attempts to inject
her with poison
putting an end to the devil created by
himself
as he approaches zoe slowly trying to
calm down his darling with a gentle love
zoe however actually reads his real
intent
and kills the man without any hesitation
later zoe injects herself with an entire
bag of the serum
strengthening her abilities eva who's
still alive
and trying to locate zoe to inject her
with the poison
is left in the dark so he eventually
finds eva
and pushes her away submerging her into
her nightmare again
where she realizes a terrible truth that
zoe is exactly the little girl
who caused the fire to burn the
neighbors to death
and the little girl however is confined
ever since by her guilt
eva then encourages the little girl to
open their gate so as to put an
end to her trauma and her dark soul as
well
upon the little girls opening the gate
the holy light shines away
the dark immediately while eva injects
the devil zoe with poison
seemingly causing her to turn back to
normal
as eva tries to explain all the
happenings to a firefighter
coming for the rescue she's horrified to
find the firefighter
is actually zoe who twists her neck to
death
at the end of the story accompany with
the team's dead bodies under the
twinkling light
so he extracts her own serum saturated
blood
and injects it into frank's brain
successfully resurrecting him
back from the dead this is daniel cc
movie review
by